Hello everyone, today I am going to teach you
set up a command
of xbox good a command of xbox not
configure any command so that
emulate one of xbox and thus be able to play
gta 4 with a command or control as
want to call
without it having to be the xbox 360
then the first thing we need is
a command or control like what it is to call
I call him command you that we need a
I send
I'm using one of play 2 that I've
connected by an adapter to
computer you can use one of computers
and one of play 3 if you can get it
connect to the computer is easy me to what
better someday I make a video of how it
make
If you do not look for it there, I 'm sure
you will find
You can also connect a Wii Remote
but I do not recommend it because I do not know
how will they lower it gta 4 I have tried it not
no no
but I'm going to do it with the
you can also do it with a
computer is not that you buy the
Chinese well that's the first thing and what
second that we are is to download a
file but here a moment that I just
to make the video is good
I've done before this one since how
put one on
in gta 4 to 100% looking if you want
I leave the link the description too
but we have to go to this link that
is in the description that is for
download the file
I had open
and we keep it, I'm going to
save desktop for example
bad we can close the browser
and tickets also to you not
you will have and we will extract with the wing
weird with something similar and we're going to open
the folder we take we copy all
our archives with the right to copy
we are going to team
the local disk good the route we will go
route to 7-4 were recorded 7
to 4
right here we are going to hit it
I already have it
I'm going to put it copy is move
you will leave us because you do not
you will have
this would be better if you do not go out you can
continue if you do not leave if not nothing and we
let's go to the file
and this
which is called input test and here we will see
what comes out
we get a command from the xbox here what
first thing we have to do is put
controller one
if you want they can put more controls more
of one since you put here 1 2 3 but for
put the first one by tunis 1 and here
check that the buttons this good
I send here some numbers because
is a little more expensive and abortions in
0 if no principle will come about
numbers do not worry about walking
perfectly even if it is waterfall
good you try buttons to see what you
work
and they will get that coming out for example if
you are pressing the back as they enter you
here some numbers
it may be that they have invested that
you are pressing the front and you
come out those from behind that is what I
happens to me happens with some controls not you
you worry only when you play
they would have the controls turned upside down instead
to use this one again instead of
to use this we will use this and even what
same day and we check that all the
buttons work correctly
in principle, the service will work
crosspiece the two joysticks is
It is recommended that you have joysticks in
controls
that goes a lot better here you can
test if your control has the motor
of vibration you can try the works
and well with this we can close this
and for the next step it would be in gta 4
we see you there, well, here you can see
that the side works perfectly you see
Well, now you will see it is that
I'm talking over the video
because he has a problem with the plate he
he put it back to him that I recorded the micro
and now in the next video of
solve myself if I do another now not
to another
and good when you use the mouse and the
keyboard already puts you the commands that
you have a contract on the keyboard and if
you want to use the command, then you play a
button and that's it, all the
control commands
you can use moving with the command and
pointing with the mouse if you want that yes
with the command to tip automatically I
I say that that helps multiplayer a lot
it depends that nothing to the server some what
allow others is not a thing that you have
that allowed you to create yours server
and they put what they can
I do not know how you want it is good now
I will leave with what remains of video is mode
gameplay
simple shows that I teach you that everything
it works properly and all that and
Well I hope you liked it
I have also served
like if they worked for you if you did not
we have worked putting it in the
comments why it happens to you and I
I will try to find a solution
I will answer as soon as possible
And until next time